This is your helpful guide for using the HADES terminal.

This platform provides for all the needs of your prison
or other secure facility.

Read further to find out how to
use our features to control and track your prison's sensors,
lights, alarm system, and prisoners (including our built-in
trapdoor trigger feature):

Main menu:
    Within the main menu, you will find 12 total options (0-11).
    Let's explore these now!
    
    (You will also find the current alarm state status, 0 or
    1, at the bottom of the main menu page. More on this in
    Option 6).
    
0) Exit
    This option quits the HADES terminal. Don't fret, though,
    as I (HADES) will remember which lights you left on / which
    sensors are triggered / what prisoners are in the cells /
    if the alarmed is armed / if the alarm is active.
    
        Summary: Quits terminal, saves light/sensor/prisoner/alarm data.
        
1) Check Sensors
    This option displays a menu of all sensors within your
    prison, and whether they are each currently armed.
    Finished reviewing the data? As with any option below,
    you can press any key to return to the main menu!

        Summary: Displays sensors data submenu
        
2) Trigger Sensors
    If the alarm is armed, this option allows you to test the
    reliability of each sensor by triggering the alarm upon
    activation of a chosen sensor.
    
    To choose a sensor, you will be prompted to enter the ID
    of the sensor. Don't worry! A list of options will be
    provided to you.
    
    Upon choosing a sensor to test, if all is running smoothly,
    then the alarm will set off and the alarm state will set to
    1. (Refer to Option 5 or 6 for more information regarding the
    alarm state and how to reset it.)
    
    Lastly, if the alarm is NOT armed, you will be told that
    you must first arm the alarm. After all, if the alarm is
    off, there is nothing to trigger!
    
        Summary: Triggers alarm via individual sensors
                 of users choosing. Alarm must be armed.

3) Check lights
    This option displays a menu of all lights within your
    prison, and whether they are each currently on/off.
    Finished reviewing the status of your lights? You can
    press any key to return to the main menu!

        Summary: Displays lights data submenu
        
4) Turn lights off/on
    This option allows you to choose which lights within
    the prison you would like to have on or off!
    
    To choose a light, you will be prompted to enter the name
    of the light. Don't worry! A list of options will be
    provided to you.
    
    Depending on the previous status of the light, you will be
    asked if you would like to change the status. Enter 'Y' or
    'y' to proceed with the action. You can always check in with
    Option 3 to remember the status of all your lights.
        
        Summary: Changes individual light status.

5) Arm/disarm alarm
    This option both provides you with the current status of the
    alarm system, and then asks if you would like to change that
    status.
    
    If the alarm is disarmed, and you would like arm the alarm,
    you will be prompted to re-enter the passcode you entered to
    gain access to the main menu. Conversely, disarming the alarm
    will disarm all sensors (including the alarm - more on this 
    below). Be careful not to mess up too many times on the 
    password entry!
    
    Once the alarm is armed, you will gain
    access to the features of Option 2.
    
    Lastly, if the Alarm state is triggered and on (1), you can
    un-trigger the alarm by disarming it via this option.
            
        Summary: Changes alarm and sensor status
        
6) PANIC!
    Much like option 2, this option is only available if the
    alarm is currently armed. Once armed, this option allows 
    one to set the alarm state to 1, which will "sound the 
    alarms", triggering the buzzer as well as the emergency 
    lights mode (with the help of some imagination without
    the hardware).
    
    To disable panic mode, or turn the alarm state back to 0,
    you must disarm the alarm through Option 5, in which case
    you will be prompted to re-enter the passcode before you
    are able to deactivate the buzzer and lights.
    
    The alarm state is shown at the bottom of the main menu in 
    case you can't imagine the flashing lights and screaming
    siren when the alarm state is set to 1.   
    
        Summary: Triggers the alarm!

7) Manually update a prisoner in a cell
    Selecting this option allows you to input a new prisoner
    into the cell of your choice. You may also enter '0' to
    denote an empty cell. Please note that prisoner numbers must be
    positive integers with at least 3 digits.

        Summary: Manually input a new prisoner, delete a prisoner, or
        change a prisoner number for a given cell

8) Check which prisoner is in the cell
    This option lets you input a cell number (from the list of
    existing cells); the database will then tell you what prisoner
    is in the cell.

        Summary: Want to know who's in Cell [#]? Choose this option

9) Check cell number of prisoner
    Maybe you can remember the prisoner's number but can't quite
    recall their cell number. Select this option to search the prisoner's
    number; the program will return their cell number. You can also search '0'
    to generate a list of all empty cells.

        Summary: Locate a prisoner's cell, or get a list of all empty cells

10) Trapdoor a prisoner
    We're not here to question the ethics of trapdoor-ing prisoners; however,
    our software will facilitate any trapdoor-related needs your prison has.
    Simply select this option and input either the cell number, or the prisoner
    number; the prisoner's trapdoor will open and send them to the mysterious
    dungeon level. The prisoner's number will then be erased from the database.

        Summary: Choose this convenient option to trapdoor any prisoner
        based on prisoner number or cell number

11) Help!
    Well, you're already here! Hopefully this option has done
    its job and informed you on all the features of HADES!
    Enjoy your stay...
    
    